Lelf-Email

reg.ru's test task (https://www.reg.ru/company/jobs/testtask-prog)



Задание 2 — «E-mail domains» + тесты

Создать утилиту командной строки, которая обрабатывает данные
способом, описанным ниже, и возвращает результат в STDOUT.

ВХОДНЫЕ ДАННЫЕ:

В командной строке указывается имя текстового файла. Текстовый файл с
email-адресами (разделитель — перевод строки). Пример:

info@mail.ru
support@vk.com
ddd@rambler.ru
roxette@mail.ru
sdfsdf@@@@@rdfdf
example@localhost
иван@иванов.рф
ivan@xn--c1ad6a.xn--p1ai

СУТЬ ОБРАБОТКИ:

Группировка адресов по имени домена, подсчёт email-адресов для каждого домена.

ВЫХОДНЫЕ ДАННЫЕ:

Имена доменов и количество адресов в каждом домене. Сортировка по
количеству адресов в домене, по убыванию. Отдельной строкой —
количество невалидных адресов. Пример:

mail.ru	2
vk.com	1
rambler.ru	1
INVALID	1

Созданная программа, должна быть максимально покрыта автоматическими
тестами (юнит тесты и т. п.), валидирующими все аспекты
функционирования программы и покрывающими максимальное количество кода
программы.

Несмотря на игрушечный пример оценивается качество кода, его
форматирование (пробелы, отступы, пустые строки, выделение смысловых
блоков и т.п.), модульность, соответствие «лучшим практикам»
Perl-программирования и, главное, способности писать автотесты.





INSTALLATION

To install this module, run the following commands:

	perl Build.PL
	./Build
	./Build test
	./Build install


LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2013 Anton Nikishaev

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the the Artistic License (2.0). You may obtain a
copy of the full license at:

L<http://www.perlfoundation.org/artistic_license_2_0>

Any use, modification, and distribution of the Standard or Modified
Versions is governed by this Artistic License. By using, modifying or
distributing the Package, you accept this license. Do not use, modify,
or distribute the Package, if you do not accept this license.

If your Modified Version has been derived from a Modified Version made
by someone other than you, you are nevertheless required to ensure that
your Modified Version complies with the requirements of this license.

This license does not grant you the right to use any trademark, service
mark, tradename, or logo of the Copyright Holder.

This license includes the non-exclusive, worldwide, free-of-charge
patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import and
otherwise transfer the Package with respect to any patent claims
licensable by the Copyright Holder that are necessarily infringed by the
Package. If you institute patent litigation (including a cross-claim or
counterclaim) against any party alleging that the Package constitutes
direct or contributory patent infringement, then this Artistic License
to you shall terminate on the date that such litigation is filed.

Disclaimer of Warranty: THE PACKAGE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER
AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES.
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT ARE DISCLAIMED TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY
YOUR LOCAL LAW. UNLESS REQUIRED BY LAW, NO COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR
CONTRIBUTOR WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THE PACKAGE,
EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

